KittopiaTech - a Kopernicus Visual Editor
=========================
Plugin for Kerbal Space Program to support the alternation of planets ingame.
This uses the Kopernicus API in a modified version, the changes will be included in the next Kopernicus version

**Credits**
- Kragrathea (Utility code)
- KCreator (KittopiaTech creator)
- joedavis (Linux-fix)
- Gravitasi (ScaledSpace fixes and much more)
- BorisBee (PQSMod-fixes and more)
- Thomas P. (Update for KSP 1.0, portation to Kopernicus as a base API, modular UI-Code, multiple improvements)

**How to install**
If you want to test the current Development-Version, you have to put the Folder Distribution/Development/KittopiaTech into your GameData folder. In-Game, the UI is opened with Ctrl + P.
WARNING: This tool can break saves, if you don't use it correctly. You are advised to use this in a special SaveGame.
WARNING: You need to use the Kopernicus.dll from References/, since it was modified!

**License**
The Plugin .dll and all related code, with the exception of utility code developed by forum user "Kragrathea" (which is under GPL) in which all necessary permissions have been given, is free for anyone to use and learn from.
Free redistribution and modification is allowed, Under the following restrictions: One may NOT make any form of profit from the plugin authors (KCreators) work. This includes advertisement revenue or reward type websites chosen at the authors discretion.
Redistributions and modifications require some form of credit towards the plugin author (KCreator).
Files generated by this plugin are free to use for any purpose. The plugin author is not responsible for any damage that may be incurred through the use of the plugin. Any and all contributions to this plugin will be accredited.
The plugin author reserves all rights to modify the license as needed.
Kerbal Space Program is a copyright of Squad, and as such, Squad has the ability to override any and all restrictions on this plugin. 
